look at this all those years in the big
city we finally got we're living the
dream maybe there's a dream
[Music]
then everything just blew up big flash
like a pink light or actually I don't
even know what color it was it wasn't
like any color I'd ever seen before
looks like a meteorite
he's radioactive I mean it's from space
right
meteorites are Germany no more dangerous
than ordinary L'Occitane okay so do they
just disappear did you plant those no
wart here for a sec oh god stop who's
talking to you it's in the static it's
in the moisture sin here is out there
what's out there is in here now
everything's under control here so in
denial that the demons from the
meteorite changes everything around it
[Music]
justic color believe me no I don't want
to believe anymore
[Applause]
[Music]
everything's gonna be a-okay
you